DOCS-426: port docs improvements to 12.0 guide (#1775)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

   Alert Settings

Alerts are grouped by |web-ui| feature or service monitor. To customize how

> important to flag an alert, use the :guilabel:`Warning Level` drop-down. To

Reviewer: ```suggestion
important an alert is flagged, use the :guilabel:`Warning Level` drop-down. To
```

Reviewer: Idk if you'll like the uses of a past participle, so if you have another idea that's fine with me.
